Mr. Ye, take your time
I will immediately arrange to run the street to tidy up that building.
You will be able to move in soon.
Okay, that's troublesome.
Brother, you are busy first.
Hey, Mr. Ye
Do you need anything next?
I think if it's ok
Get me a driver's license
Make another trolley
Otherwise, I will have to find you every time I go out.
How troublesome
Uh, driver's license and car everywhere
Can you drive?
Who do you look down on?
Let me tell you something.
I am the little car god called Qiumingshan
Ouch stone
I'll show you
I'll try it.
Wang Shao, you let that kid have news.
Where is it?
The specifics will be observed for a while.
Let me know as soon as you know where he is
Dear, is that Xinyan kid?
That's right, your useless fiancé
Didn't your brother always want revenge on him?
Here's your chance. Okay.
I'll call him right now.